[cell door opening]
c0000001
Sorry.
c0000002
I'm told
visiting hours are over.
c0000003
I'm an executioner.
c0000004
Name's Draht.
c0000005
I serve Aura the Guillotine.
c0000006
Don't fight.
c0000007
I have come here to kill you.
c0000008
I see.
c0000009
Not pretending
you want peace anymore?
c0000010
We've just begun.
c0000011
[sighs]
c0000012
I should warn you
that I am fairly strong.
c0000013
Stronger than me?
c0000014
Stronger even than
Aura the Guillotine.
c0000015
I doubt that very much.
c0000016
Why?
c0000017
[whips]
c0000018
"Why?"
For this fight is already over!
c0000019
Hmm.
c0000020
A magical wire, huh?
c0000021
What an interesting spell.
c0000022
You concentrated
mana around your neck
c0000023
to avoid decapitation.
c0000024
You're levelheaded...
c0000025
which allowed you to
keep your head,
c0000026
when an ordinary mage
would have lost theirs.
c0000027
Try what you will,
c0000028
but this wire is among
demon kind's strongest spells.
c0000029
Humanity's feeble magic
doesn't stand a chance!
c0000030
[creaking]
c0000031
I shall saw through your mana
c0000032
and the soft, pink flesh
underneath.
c0000033
You're right.
c0000034
I doubt there is anything
I can do to sever your thread.
c0000035
[scoffs]
c0000036
Really? That's all it took
to convince you you'd won?
c0000037
Demons these days
are such a disgrace.
c0000038
No experience
on the battlefield.
c0000039
[whips]
c0000040
[gasps]
c0000041
♪
c0000042
[DRAHT]
This mage.
c0000043
She took my arm!
c0000044
[grunts]
c0000045
You bitch, I'll--
c0000046
[thuds]
c0000047
Let's talk this through--
c0000048
[splattering]
c0000049
That's one beast down.
c0000050
[grunts]
c0000051
[FRIEREN] If I report
this attack to the graf
c0000052
and exterminate the rest
of the town's parasites,
c0000053
a pardon is the least
he could grant me.
c0000054
[door creaks open]
c0000055
Hm?
c0000056
This is going to
complicate things.
c0000057
[indistinct chatter]
c0000058
[munching]
c0000059
Hm?
c0000060
This food is delicious.
c0000061
[munching]
c0000062
Mm.
c0000063
My master always said...
c0000064
you can tell
if a town is peaceful
c0000065
by how good the eats are.
c0000066
Guess that goes
for this place, too.
c0000067
[munching]
c0000068
Mister Stark.
c0000069
No! Order your own!
c0000070
Let's talk to the graf.
c0000071
We can try to
petition him directly
c0000072
to release Mistress Frieren.
c0000073
Hm?
c0000074
[FERN]
It's only a matter of time
c0000075
until harm comes to this town.
c0000076
If we can get her
out of the dungeon,
c0000077
she can defeat the demons.
c0000078
[mewing]
c0000079
[sighs]
c0000080
That does feel like
our only option.
c0000081
You don't stand a chance
against enemies like those.
c0000082
Especially not the Lugner guy.
c0000083
He seems dangerous.
c0000084
[STARK]
He only looked at Frieren.
c0000085
We were standing right there
next to him with the guards,
c0000086
but his eyes were
locked on her alone.
c0000087
♪
c0000088
He saw us as pawns
c0000089
that he can
knock out any time.
c0000090
My hands haven't stopped
shaking since.
c0000091
♪
c0000092
[liquid spilling]
c0000093
Huh.
c0000094
You see?
c0000095
One thought about him,
and I'm spilling my drink.
c0000096
Now it looks like I wet myself.
c0000097
We have an important meeting.
c0000098
Clean it up.
c0000099
Graf Granat is with Lugner
and his men.
c0000100
Maybe asking for a fight.
c0000101
What wouldn't have
stopped the heroes
c0000102
should not stop us.
c0000103
♪
c0000104
[sighs]
c0000105
You're right.
c0000106
If I lost my nerve here,
c0000107
I'd never be able to face
my master again.
c0000108
Let's go!
c0000109
You can hang on to that one.
c0000110
Uh...
c0000111
[indistinct chatter]
c0000112
Are you coming?
c0000113
My body seems to think not.
c0000114
I am no longer
detecting Draht's mana.
c0000115
He must be dead.
c0000116
What a fool.
c0000117
He was careless.
c0000118
Careless?
c0000119
We are the
right-hand men of Lady Aura.
c0000120
Her executioners.
c0000121
You think mere carelessness
could kill us?
c0000122
[gasps]
c0000123
Just who exactly is that mage?
c0000124
[door swinging open]
c0000125
[clatter]
c0000126
Apologies for
keeping you waiting.
c0000127
It seems the mage I captured
managed to escape.
c0000128
And her guard
was found beheaded.
c0000129
A worrisome threat to peace.
c0000130
We shall help you
with your search.
c0000131
Linie is quite skilled
at detecting mana--
c0000132
No, we're fine.
c0000133
Peculiar.
c0000134
It appears that you are missing
one of your companions.
c0000135
He'll be back soon.
c0000136
He went to use the privy.
c0000137
Without asking a servant
where it is?
c0000138
My untrained eye can tell
that mage is of great skill.
c0000139
Yet she allowed my men
c0000140
to detain her without a fight.
c0000141
♪
c0000142
She understands the gravity
c0000143
of killing a guard.
c0000144
♪
c0000145
Lord Lugner,
c0000146
I'll ask you one last time.
c0000147
[swords drawing]
c0000148
Where is your other companion?
c0000149
♪
c0000150
[sword sliding]
c0000151
♪
c0000152
My, my.
c0000153
[chomp]
c0000154
[gasps]
c0000155
[splattering]
c0000156
[LUGNER]
That idiot Draht.
c0000157
[grunts]
c0000158
[shouting]
c0000159
[whips]
c0000160
♪
c0000161
[clatter]
c0000162
He has ruined everything.
c0000163
-[whips]
-[grunts]
c0000164
[clanging]
c0000165
[grunts]
c0000166
[chuckling]
c0000167
Yet I find I can't complain,
c0000168
for now it seems that violence
c0000169
is the only way
to resolve this predicament.
c0000170
It would be a lie to say I'm
anything less than overjoyed.
c0000171
Whatever you use to reason,
c0000172
be it words or swords,
c0000173
The end result
will ultimately be the same.
c0000174
No matter
your weapon of choice,
c0000175
the weak will die.
c0000176
[straining]
c0000177
Just like this sword's
former owner did.
c0000178
[gasps]
c0000179
[shouting]
c0000180
[grunts]
c0000181
[groans]
c0000182
You see.
c0000183
We are but wild beasts.
c0000184
But don't worry...
c0000185
I won't kill you.
c0000186
[clanging]
c0000187
You're going to assist us
in removing
c0000188
this town's defensive barrier.
c0000189
[indistinct chatter]
c0000190
Shouldn't be too much
farther from here.
c0000191
Hm?
c0000192
Excuse me.
c0000193
That is you, isn't it?
c0000194
Hm?
c0000195
[STARK] Aren't you
supposed to be in jail?
c0000196
Please don't tell me
that you broke out.
c0000197
I didn't have a choice
in the matter.
c0000198
A demon called
Draht came into my cell
c0000199
trying to execute me.
c0000200
And though I took care
of the issue,
c0000201
when demons die, they turn
into mana particles and vanish.
c0000202
I don't understand
the connection.
c0000203
Before visiting me,
he killed the man
c0000204
guarding the dungeon.
c0000205
[FRIEREN]
To better paint the scene,
c0000206
all to be found down there
c0000207
was a guard beheaded
by a magical wire
c0000208
and a lone mage.
c0000209
So where might that put me?
c0000210
[sighs]
c0000211
You'll be sentenced to death
for killing the guard.
c0000212
I think so too.
c0000213
Which is why I have no choice
but to leave town.
c0000214
Wait a moment.
c0000215
If you leave, the remaining
demons will run wild.
c0000216
Would you really
abandon these people?
c0000217
Hm?
c0000218
Why don't you two
defeat them for me?
c0000219
You make it sound
like an everyday chore.
c0000220
We don't stand a chance
in a fight
c0000221
against monsters like them.
c0000222
You're not going to fight them
just because they're strong?
c0000223
♪
c0000224
Don't look so downcast.
c0000225
I fought more than my fair
share of demons,
c0000226
and you're no weaker
than they are.
c0000227
♪
c0000228
Okay, we'll fight them.
c0000229
But you've gotta help us!
c0000230
You can't ask us to
go it alone!
c0000231
I'm begging you!
c0000232
Hm?
c0000233
Hey! Where do you
think you're going?
c0000234
You can't leave us to die,
Frieren!
c0000235
You don't know when to give up.
c0000236
Steel your resolve, remember?
c0000237
Steel yourself.
c0000238
I don't wanna be demon food.
c0000239
You're being childish.
c0000240
[sobbing]
c0000241
Hm?
c0000242
[FRIEREN] About ten kilometers
outside of town,
c0000243
I sense a great deal of mana.
c0000244
Someone is observing us.
c0000245
[creaks]
c0000246
♪
c0000247
[chuckles]
c0000248
[FRIEREN]
Aura the Guillotine,
c0000249
one of the
Seven Sages of Destruction.
c0000250
It isn't as if I enjoy facing
powerful enemies, either.
c0000251
[chuckles]
c0000252
All the more reason to
take care of this one swiftly.
c0000253
[water lapping]
c0000254
[sighing]
c0000255
♪
c0000256
[shivering]
c0000257
Hm.
c0000258
[panting]
c0000259
[straining]
c0000260
Huh?
c0000261
[grunts]
c0000262
♪
c0000263
[STARK]
This feels wrong.
c0000264
You're sure
we have to sneak in?
c0000265
Well, I suppose we could
just tell the gate guards
c0000266
we're here to kill
the peace envoys.
c0000267
[groans]
c0000268
♪
c0000269
[unlatches]
c0000270
[window creaks open]
c0000271
It's a little too quiet.
c0000272
I truly love magic,
you see.
c0000273
[LUGNER] Think of Qual,
the Elder Sage of Corruption.
c0000274
His life revolved around magic.
c0000275
That was the price for
developing his killing spell.
c0000276
[explosion]
c0000277
Such as the way of our kind.
c0000278
We devote ourselves to research
c0000279
and spend our lengthy lives
c0000280
studying a single
type of magic.
c0000281
We grow our knowledge daily,
for years upon years.
c0000282
Our magics
might impress you now,
c0000283
but wait a decade,
and our powers
c0000284
will be even greater,
c0000285
further cementing our strength.
c0000286
[straining]
c0000287
Yet,
c0000288
magic is a strange thing.
c0000289
[LUGNER]
This town's defensive barrier,
c0000290
created by
Flamme the Legendary Mage,
c0000291
has successfully kept
demons out.
c0000292
♪
c0000293
[wind blowing]
c0000294
Huh?
c0000295
♪
c0000296
[LUGNER]
A spell cast by a genius
c0000297
a thousand years ago
c0000298
can sometimes outmatch
the research of the present.
c0000299
[FLAMME]
Hm.
c0000300
I despise geniuses.
c0000301
The beauty of accumulated
effort is lost on them.
c0000302
Your family knows
about this barrier
c0000303
better than any.
c0000304
You've maintained it
for generations.
c0000305
You showed your hand
when you allowed
c0000306
our demonic presence into town.
c0000307
Now I know Flamme's creation
can be controlled.
c0000308
You will teach me how.
c0000309
[chuckles]
c0000310
Perhaps you need
a moment to think.
c0000311
I will leave you for now.
c0000312
[LUGNER] Making someone wait
is a diplomatic tactic
c0000313
we demons can employ, as well.
c0000314
[door swings open]
c0000315
If you refuse to speak with me,
c0000316
know that
further torture awaits.
c0000317
[door swings shut]
c0000318
There must be a grimoire
c0000319
related to the barrier
hidden somewhere.
c0000320
Search his room.
c0000321
I shall search the study.
c0000322
[door swings open]
c0000323
[door shuts]
c0000324
It's you.
c0000325
That snot nosed adventurer kid.
c0000326
I thought my son
had come to take me away.
c0000327
[STARK]
You look awful.
c0000328
Those demons are no joke.
c0000329
[knife draws]
c0000330
Let me help you out.
c0000331
[trembling]
c0000332
Your hands are trembling.
c0000333
Is that a problem?
c0000334
No. It is valiant.
c0000335
My son's hands trembled before
he marched into battle, too.
c0000336
♪
c0000337
[straining]
c0000338
Must've cast
a spell on the rope.
c0000339
It won't cut.
c0000340
Just leave me be.
c0000341
I'm already done for.
c0000342
Evacuate the townsfolk
while you still can.
c0000343
You don't know your people
c0000344
if you think they'd listen to a
"snot-nosed adventurer kid."
c0000345
The Granat family crest
hangs from my neck.
c0000346
[gasps]
c0000347
Show it to the guards,
c0000348
and they'll do
whatever you say.
c0000349
And watch your tone with me.
c0000350
The way that you've spoken
thus far is a serious offense.
c0000351
Hm.
c0000352
[knife sliding]
c0000353
Hm?
c0000354
Although,
c0000355
I could overlook your crime
c0000356
if you run now.
c0000357
I get it.
c0000358
Sorry, old timer.
c0000359
You better kiss your
fancy chair goodbye.
c0000360
Hm?!
c0000361
No chance I can afford
to replace it.
c0000362
-[door swings open]
-Hm?!
c0000363
Lord Lugner.
c0000364
It's a rat.
c0000365
[door swings shut]
c0000366
Graf Granat.
c0000367
Do you know him?
c0000368
I don't.
c0000369
He's one of the travelers
passing through.
c0000370
He must've come to
ask me to free that mage
c0000371
without realizing
she's already escaped.
c0000372
He's just a stupid boy.
c0000373
I see.
c0000374
[STARK]
Again?
c0000375
You can be on your way.
c0000376
I will let you live.
c0000377
[STARK]
It's like before.
c0000378
He's not even looking at me.
c0000379
Step aside while you still can.
c0000380
Get in my way
and I'll kill you.
c0000381
[clasps]
c0000382
I'd like to see you try!
c0000383
My!
c0000384
Fast. For a human, that is.
c0000385
Huh!
c0000386
♪
c0000387
[grunts]
c0000388
-[thuds]
-[grunts]
c0000389
You protected your vitals,
and your reflexes aren't bad.
c0000390
That said, the young are rash,
c0000391
whether they're human or demon.
c0000392
Reckless with no strategy.
c0000393
Though, I have to admit,
I do commend your valor
c0000394
for challenging me
on your own.
c0000395
On my own?
Perfect.
c0000396
If you can't feel her, I guess
her strategy was a good one.
c0000397
Come again?
c0000398
Well, Fern.
c0000399
I created the opening
like you told me to.
c0000400
[gasps]
c0000401
Lord Lugner,
I'm sensing a mage!
c0000402
♪
c0000403
[shatters]
c0000404
[crashing]
c0000405
[glass clinking]
c0000406
♪
c0000407
[LUGNER]
Impossible.
c0000408
That mage is a mere human.
c0000409
She was able to evade
Linie's mana detection?
c0000410
And beyond that,
c0000411
this spell...
c0000412
♪
c0000413
Sit back, my lord.
c0000414
Let me handle this.
c0000415
-[LUGNER] Don't.
-Hm?
c0000416
Tell me, girl.
c0000417
What is that spell?
c0000418
Truly, it's nothing special.
c0000419
It's just ordinary
offensive magic.
c0000420
Zoltraak, in your magic system.
c0000421
You expect me to believe
that was Zoltraak?
c0000422
Don't be absurd, child.
c0000423
Demon kind overcame that spell
half a century ago,
c0000424
long before
you walked this world.
c0000425
From whom did you
learn this magic?
c0000426
You're trying to
buy yourself time.
c0000427
I'll end this.
c0000428
You will not.
c0000429
[clatter]
c0000430
[STARK]
Fern!
c0000431
His injuries are bad.
c0000432
There's no time for them.
c0000433
Let's retreat.
c0000434
Fine.
c0000435
♪
c0000436
Once I stop the bleeding,
they're through.
c0000437
I ask you, take the warrior.
c0000438
♪
c0000439
[LUGNER] Those children have
been stained with my blood.
c0000440
We will not lose them.
c0000441
You needn't fight her
yourself, Lord Lugner.
c0000442
I can kill the mage as well.
c0000443
If it were you who'd been
struck by that spell,
c0000444
you'd be dead.
c0000445
[grunts]
c0000446
Already mighty,
c0000447
it's been modified
from its base form
c0000448
to specialize
in killing demons.
c0000449
In its current state,
c0000450
it's no longer Zoltraak,
killer of man.
c0000451
[sighs]
c0000452
It has become
a demon-killing spell.
c0000453
[LUGNER]
The way that girl moved
c0000454
reminded me of a mage
I've faced before.
c0000455
The same mage who first
struck me with that magic.
c0000456
♪
c0000457
c0000458
[LUGNER]
Of course.
c0000459
I remember now.
c0000460
It was Frieren.
c0000461
The mage who made
great contributions
c0000462
to humanity's
analysis of Zoltraak
c0000463
and sent more demons
to the grave
c0000464
than anyone else in history.
c0000465
♪
c0000466
Frieren the Slayer.
c0000467
♪
c0000468
[LUGNER]
One of the geniuses I despise.
c0000469
[LINIE] Lord Lugner will
be upset if I get in his way.
c0000470
[FRIEREN] You demons are just
the monsters I remembered.
c0000471
[FRIEREN]
I can kill you
c0000472
-without mercy.
-[GRANAT] It was Aura,
c0000473
one of the
Seven Sages of Destruction.